Possible Interview questions
==================================
Everything to Know:

1. What is SDLC?
    —> SDLC is a Software development life cycle. It includes 6 steps:
                                                    requirement gathering,
                                                    design,
                                                    coding (developing),
                                                    testing,
                                                    production, and
                                                    maintenance.

2. What software methodology do you implement in your team? (Agile)
    —> We are using Agile methodology in our team.

3. What is a user story?
    —> Simple way of explaining important features. Short simple descriptions of a feature told by a customer.
    US should be INVEST (independent, negotiable, valuable, estimate, small, testable)
    It starts with ” As a user I should be able to.....”
    In order to write a user story we should contain 3 items; Actor(someone),Action(something), and Outcome(benefit).

4. What is an Epic?
     —> Epic is a big/large user story.
     When we estimate, if the user story takes a whole sprint or more than one sprint we call Epic.
     In our team if any user stories were more than 8 point considered as an epic

5. What is Acceptance Criteria (AC) ?
     —> Very Specific details. AC defines what must be done to complete the user story, specify boundaries of the story..
     One user story has 102 more AC..Good AC should be MARS (measurable, attainable, relevant, specific)

6. What is the product backlog?
    —> All user stories that PO wrote to be done in a Sprint are stored in the Product Backlog. Only PO can make changes.

7. What is your team size?
    —> We have 13 people in our team. 1 PO, 1 SM, 6 Devs and 4 testers.

8. What agile meetings do you attend?
    —> We have grooming meetings (before each sprint),
    sprint planning meetings (very first day of spring),
    daily stand up meetings (every day in the morning),
    demo meetings (every last day of each sprint),
    retro meetings (last day of sprint as well).

  8.1 What do you do in grooming meetings?
           —> We estimate points to user stories. PO, BA (but we don’t have BA), SM and Dev Team are in this meeting.
           PO prepares several user stories in the product backlog and prioritizes them.
           PO explains the user stories and goes over Acceptance Criteria.
           Then estimations start, we play Agile cards and give points and also find Epics.
           We give points with the Fibonacci system. Then PO asks for the highest and lowest points reason.
           And it takes around 2 hours.

 8.2 How do you give points? What is Fibonacci ?
        —> Fibonacci is a point estimation method. We use the Fibonacci system.
        Fibonacci sequence is a series of numbers where a number is the addition of the last two numbers,
        starting with 0, and 1.(0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34....)
         Each point represents one work day/ 8 hours.

  8.3 What do you do in sprint planning meetings?
           - This meeting is in our first days of Sprint.
           Take User stories from product backlog to sprint backlog
           and plan how much point we will finish in this sprint.
           SM asks questions about our day off. So he can calculate the velocity of the team.
           Then PO will take User stories from product backlog to sprint backlog

  8.4 What is the sprint backlog ?
         - The sprint backlog is a list of tasks identified by the Scrum team to be completed during the sprint.
         Those are the User stories that dropped from the product backlog by PO.
         *PO or BA will take the stories from backlog to sprint backlog.
         *In the sprint backlog only one sprint story is stored.

  8.5 What is team capacity and velocity?
            - WE have 6 devs and 4 testers. Team capacity is - total hours/days a team works in a Sprint.
            So we have 10 Dev team members * 8 (days of we work in one Sprint) ==> 80 hours
            - And Velocity - total points a team can finish.
            So from our working hours we will subtract days that we have off for vacation.
            Each day off will be subtract 1

  8.6 Who starts the sprint?
            - At the end of the Sprint Planning meeting Scrum Master begins Sprint by clicking one button on Jira.

 8.7  What do you do in daily stand up meetings?
            - Daily meetings have fixed time and SM hosts the meeting.
            Purpose of the meeting - Update team members on working process and Bring problems on time.
            In this meeting we answer 3 questions.
                1. What did I do Yesterday ? Or last Friday ?(if stand up on Monday)
                2. What am I going to do today?
                3. Is there any impediment, Blocker, Problem ?

  8.8  What do you do in a Demo (sprint review) meeting?
          - This meeting is on the last day of sprint. everyone joins this meeting also client;
             Developers and testers demonstrate their work that they done during the sprint to PO, and client

 8.9 Who accepts user stories?
        PO can  accept and reject user stories.

  8.10 Who ends the sprint?
        Scrum Master ends the sprint.

  8.11 What to do with incomplete tickets(story, bug)?
        Review them and move them to the next sprint

  8.12 What do you do in retro meetings?
        It is hosted by SM and the meeting is between SM and Dev team only.
        We answer and discuss 3 questions:
           1. What went well?
           2. What was not going well?
           3. How can we improve?
     At the end of the sprint after the demo meeting we have a Retro meeting.

9. What is dynamic testing?
    - Dynamic testing means testing code and software.

10. What is static testing?
    Testing documents(like SRS) is called Static testing

 1. starts from the requirement gathering step.
Static testing is a verification process, that involves 3 meetings:
* review - find , eliminate errors in documents with client
* walk-through - author of document guide participants & gather feedback, discuss at peer level, useful higher doc (SRS)
* inspection - the most formal, led by trained moderators
2. designers also perform static testing in the same way.

11. What is functional testing?
      - It is by Agile team testers. Each functional will be tested separately by each tester.
      It can be front (log in/log-out, send msg, make a call s, click a button) and backend (API and database testing).

12. What is unit testing and who does that? it runs in which environment?
    Unit testing is done by developers in dev.environment.
    Developers do not work on actual url they work in dev.environments like https:\\dev.amazon.com.
    After developer write some code, he needs to run each unit and it called Unit testing
    Unit-small part inside big code. Developers write small unit-few lines and check it.
    When he combines a few units and runs it it is integration.

13. What is integration testing and who does that? it runs in which environment?
      - Developers write small unit-few lines and check it. When he combines a few units and runs it it is integration.

14. What is a smoke test? it runs in which environment?
      —> Smoke test runs in qa/test environment. Everyday before we start the work,
      we have  to make sure the app is up and running.
      Of course not all functions are just some very important measures that are chosen by devs and testers.
      When we chose 6-7 major functionalities we put tag on top of it @smoke.
      Inform DevOp team configure Jenkins app. Every morning certain time Jenkins go to Github and run codes
        QA/test environment: www.qa.amazon.com

  14.1 How long does your smoke test take to run?
    15-30min everyday early morning at fixed time

 14.2 How often do you run your smoke test?
    We run Smoke test every day. In some Companies it may differ every week day.

  14.3 How do you see the smoke test result?
           —> At the end of Smoke test every developers and testers receive an email result(pass/fail) from Jenkins

 14.4 How many scenarios does your smoke test have?
           —> 60-70

15.  What is a regression test? it runs in which environment?
       —> Regression testing verifies any modification or update in a software without affecting the overall working functionality.
          It is staging pre-production environment.Regression test is mostly run in qa environment and is performed by testers
. When you add new functions Regression tests new functions with old functions together to check how they both work together.
  Big major Regression done before release. Small/minor regression done at the end of each Sprint

15.1 How long does your regression test take to run?
     Depends on the amount of codes. may take up to several hours
         (you can answer this after selenium Grid class)

  15.2 How often do you run your regression test?
         - Big major Regression done before release. Small/minor regression done at the end of each Sprint

16. What is user acceptance testing(UAT)?
    User acceptance test performed by UAT team.
    The UAT team also checks functionality; they test a few functions by one tester.
    Client has to accept APP SO WE CAN RELEASE.
    UAT testing business perspective as in real life. It is called Alpha testing.
User acceptance testing (UAT) is the last phase of the software testing process.
During UAT, actual software users test the software to make sure it can handle required tasks in real-world scenarios,
according to specifications. UAT is one of the final and critical software project procedures that must occur
before newly developed software is rolled out to the market. It is performed in a staging environment.

16.1 What is Alpha testing?
   Uat team performs the test prior to release

 16.2 What is Beta testing?
   end user testing done by customers/ people
   End_used/ actual user

17. Tell me about yourself